Burning Blood	Starter	Ironclad	At the end of combat, heal 6 HP.
Cracked Core	Starter	Defect	At the start of each combat, Channel 1 Lightning.
Pure Water	Starter	Watcher	At the start of each combat, add a Miracle into your hand.
Ring of the Snake	Starter	Silent	At the start of each combat, draw 2 additional cards.
Akabeko	Common		Your first Attack each combat deals 8 additional damage.
Anchor	Common		Start each combat with 10 Block.
Ancient Tea Set	Common		Whenever you enter a Rest Site, start the next combat with [E] [E] .
Art of War	Common		If you do not play any Attacks during your turn, gain an additional [E] next turn.
Bag of Marbles	Common		At the start of each combat, apply 1 Vulnerable to ALL enemies.
Bag of Preparation	Common		At the start of each combat, draw 2 additional cards.
Blood Vial	Common		At the start of each combat, heal 2 HP.
Bronze Scales	Common		Start each combat with 3 Thorns.
Centennial Puzzle	Common		The first time you lose HP each combat, draw 3 cards.
Ceramic Fish	Common		Whenever you add a card to your deck, gain 9 Gold.
Damaru	Common	Watcher	At the start of your turn, gain 1 Mantra.
Data Disk	Common	Defect	Start each combat with 1 Focus.
Dream Catcher	Common		Whenever you Rest, you may add a card into your deck.
Happy Flower	Common		Every 3 turns, gain [E] .
Juzu Bracelet	Common		Normal enemy combats are no longer encountered in ? rooms.
Lantern	Common		Start each combat with an additional [E] .
Maw Bank	Common		Whenever you climb a floor, gain 12 Gold. No longer works when you spend any Gold at a shop.
Meal Ticket	Common		Whenever you enter a shop, heal 15 HP.
Nunchaku	Common		Every time you play 10 Attacks, gain [E] .
Oddly Smooth Stone	Common		Start each combat with 1 Dexterity.
Omamori	Common		Negate the next 2 Curses you obtain.
Orichalcum	Common		If you end your turn without Block, gain 6 Block.
Pen Nib	Common		Every 10th Attack you play deals double damage.
Potion Belt	Common		Upon pickup, gain 2 Potion slots.
Preserved Insect	Common		Enemies in Elite combats have 25% less HP.
Red Skull	Common	Ironclad	While your HP is at or below 50%, you have 3 additional Strength.
Regal Pillow	Common		Whenever you Rest, heal an additional 15 HP.
Smiling Mask	Common		The Merchant's card removal service now always costs 50 Gold.
Snecko Skull	Common	Silent	Whenever you apply Poison, apply an additional 1 Poison.
Strawberry	Common		Upon pickup, raise your Max HP by 7.
The Boot	Common		Whenever you would deal 4 or less unblocked attack damage, increase it to 5.
Tiny Chest	Common		Every 4th ? room is a Treasure room.
Toy Ornithopter	Common		Whenever you use a potion, heal 5 HP.
Vajra	Common		Start each combat with 1 Strength.
War Paint	Common		Upon pickup, Upgrade 2 random Skills.
Whetstone	Common		Upon pickup, Upgrade 2 random Attacks.
Blue Candle	Uncommon		Unplayable Curse cards can now be played. Whenever you play a Curse, lose 1 HP and Exhaust it.
Bottled Flame	Uncommon		Upon pickup, choose an Attack. Start each combat with this card in your hand.
Bottled Lightning	Uncommon		Upon pickup, choose a Skill. Start each combat with this card in your hand.
Bottled Tornado	Uncommon		Upon pickup, choose a Power card. Start each combat with this card in your hand.
Darkstone Periapt	Uncommon		Whenever you obtain a Curse, increase your Max HP by 6.
Duality	Uncommon	Watcher	Whenever you play an Attack, gain 1 temporary Dexterity.
Eternal Feather	Uncommon		For every 5 cards in your deck, heal 3 HP whenever you enter a Rest Site.
Frozen Egg	Uncommon		Whenever you add a Power card into your deck, Upgrade it.
Gold-Plated Cables	Uncommon	Defect	Your rightmost Orb triggers its passive an additional time.
Gremlin Horn	Uncommon		Whenever an enemy dies, gain [E] and draw 1 card.
Horn Cleat	Uncommon		At the start of your 2nd turn, gain 14 Block.
Ink Bottle	Uncommon		Whenever you play 10 cards, draw 1 card.
Kunai	Uncommon		Every time you play 3 Attacks in a single turn, gain 1 Dexterity.
Letter Opener	Uncommon		Every time you play 3 Skills in a single turn, deal 5 damage to ALL enemies.
Matryoshka	Uncommon		The next 2 non-Boss chests you open contain 2 Relics.
Meat on the Bone	Uncommon		If your HP is at or below 50% at the end of combat, heal 12 HP.
Mercury Hourglass	Uncommon		At the start of your turn, deal 3 damage to ALL enemies.
Molten Egg	Uncommon		Whenever you add an Attack into your deck, Upgrade it.
Mummified Hand	Uncommon		Whenever you play a Power card, a random card in your hand costs 0 that turn.
Ninja Scroll	Uncommon	Silent	At the start of each combat, add 3 Shivs into your hand.
Ornamental Fan	Uncommon		Every time you play 3 Attacks in a single turn, gain 4 Block.
Pantograph	Uncommon		At the start of Boss combats, heal 25 HP.
Paper Krane	Uncommon	Silent	Enemies with Weak deal 40% less damage rather than 25%.
Paper Phrog	Uncommon	Ironclad	Enemies with Vulnerable take 75% more damage rather than 50%.
Pear	Uncommon		Upon pickup, raise your Max HP by 10.
Question Card	Uncommon		Future card rewards have 1 additional card to choose from.
Self-Forming Clay	Uncommon	Ironclad	Whenever you lose HP, gain 3 Block next turn.
Shuriken	Uncommon		Every time you play 3 Attacks in a single turn, gain 1 Strength.
Singing Bowl	Uncommon		When adding cards into your deck, you may raise your Max HP by 2 instead.
Strike Dummy	Uncommon		Cards containing "Strike" deal 3 additional damage.
Sundial	Uncommon		Every 3 times you shuffle your draw pile, gain [E] [E] .
Symbiotic Virus	Uncommon	Defect	At the start of each combat, Channel 1 Dark.
Teardrop Locket	Uncommon	Watcher	Start each combat in Calm.
The Courier	Uncommon		The Merchant restocks cards, relics, and potions. All prices are reduced by 20%.
Toxic Egg	Uncommon		Whenever you add a Skill into your deck, Upgrade it.
White Beast Statue	Uncommon		Potions always appear in combat rewards.
Bird-Faced Urn	Rare		Whenever you play a Power card, heal 2 HP.
Calipers	Rare		At the start of your turn, lose 15 Block rather than all of your Block.
Captain's Wheel	Rare		At the start of your 3rd turn, gain 18 Block.
Champion Belt	Rare	Ironclad	Whenever you apply Vulnerable, apply 1 Weak.
Charon's Ashes	Rare	Ironclad	Whenever you Exhaust a card, deal 3 damage to ALL enemies.
Cloak Clasp	Rare	Watcher	At the end of your turn, gain 1 Block for each card in your hand.
Dead Branch	Rare		Whenever you Exhaust a card, add a random card into your hand.
Du-Vu Doll	Rare		For each Curse in your deck, start each combat with 1 Strength.
Emotion Chip	Rare	Defect	If you lost HP during the previous turn, trigger the passive ability of all Orbs at the start of your turn.
Fossilized Helix	Rare		Prevent the first time you would lose HP each combat.
Gambling Chip	Rare		At the start of each combat, discard any number of cards, then draw that many cards.
Ginger	Rare		You can no longer become Weakened.
Girya	Rare		You can now gain Strength at Rest Sites (up to 3 times).
Golden Eye	Rare	Watcher	Whenever you Scry, Scry 2 additional cards.
Ice Cream	Rare		Energy is now conserved between turns.
Incense Burner	Rare		Every 6 turns, gain 1 Intangible.
Lizard Tail	Rare		When you would die, heal to 50% of your Max HP instead (works once).
Magic Flower	Rare	Ironclad	Healing is 50% more effective during combat.
Mango	Rare		Upon pickup, raise your Max HP by 14.
Old Coin	Rare		Upon pickup, gain 300 Gold.
Peace Pipe	Rare		You can now remove cards from your deck at Rest Sites.
Pocketwatch	Rare		Whenever you play 3 or less cards during your turn, draw 3 additional cards at the start of your next turn.
Prayer Wheel	Rare		Normal enemies drop an additional card reward.
Shovel	Rare		You can now Dig for relics at Rest Sites.
Stone Calendar	Rare		At the end of turn 7, deal 52 damage to ALL enemies.
The Specimen	Rare	Silent	Whenever an enemy dies, transfer any Poison it has to a random enemy.
Thread and Needle	Rare		Start each combat with 4 Plated Armor.
Tingsha	Rare	Silent	Whenever you discard a card during your turn, deal 3 damage to a random enemy.
Torii	Rare		Whenever you would receive 5 or less unblocked attack damage, reduce it to 1.
Tough Bandages	Rare	Silent	Whenever you discard a card during your turn, gain 3 Block.
Tungsten Rod	Rare		Whenever you would lose HP, lose 1 less.
Turnip	Rare		You can no longer become Frail.
Unceasing Top	Rare		Whenever you have no cards in hand during your turn, draw a card.
Wing Boots	Rare		You may ignore paths when choosing the next room to travel to 3 times.
Astrolabe	Boss		Upon pickup, Transform 3 cards, then Upgrade them.
Black Blood	Boss	Ironclad	Replaces Burning Blood. At the end of combat, heal 12 HP.
Black Star	Boss		Elites drop an additional relic when defeated.
Busted Crown	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. Future card rewards have 2 less cards to choose from.
Calling Bell	Boss		Upon pickup, obtain a unique Curse and 3 relics.
Coffee Dripper	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You can no longer Rest at Rest Sites.
Cursed Key	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. Whenever you open a non-Boss chest, obtain a Curse.
Ectoplasm	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You can no longer gain Gold.
Empty Cage	Boss		Upon pickup, remove 2 cards from your deck.
Frozen Core	Boss	Defect	Replaces Cracked Core. If you end your turn with any empty Orb slots, Channel 1 Frost.
Fusion Hammer	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You can no longer Smith at Rest Sites.
Holy Water	Boss	Watcher	Replaces Pure Water. At the start of each combat, add 3 Miracles into your hand.
Hovering Kite	Boss	Silent	The first time you discard a card each turn, gain [E] .
Inserter	Boss	Defect	Every 2 turns, gain 1 Orb slot.
Mark of Pain	Boss	Ironclad	Gain [R] at the start of your turn. At the start of combat, shuffle 2 Wounds into your draw pile.
Nuclear Battery	Boss	Defect	At the start of each combat, Channel 1 Plasma.
Pandora's Box	Boss		Upon pickup, Transform all Strike and Defend cards.
Philosopher's Stone	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. ALL enemies start combat with 1 Strength.
Ring of the Serpent	Boss	Silent	Replaces Ring of the Snake. At the start of your turn, draw 1 additional card.
Runic Cube	Boss	Ironclad	Whenever you lose HP, draw 1 card.
Runic Dome	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You can no longer see enemy intents.
Runic Pyramid	Boss		At the end of your turn, you no longer discard your hand.
Sacred Bark	Boss		Double the effectiveness of potions.
Slaver's Collar	Boss		During Boss and Elite combats, gain [E] at the start of your turn.
Snecko Eye	Boss		At the start of your turn, draw 2 additional cards. Start each combat Confused.
Sozu	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You can no longer obtain potions.
Tiny House	Boss		Upon pickup, obtain 1 potion. Gain 50 Gold. Raise your Max HP by 5. Obtain 1 card. Upgrade 1 random card.
Velvet Choker	Boss		Gain [E] at the start of your turn. You cannot play more than 6 cards per turn.
Violet Lotus	Boss	Watcher	Whenever you exit Calm, gain an additional [E] .
Wrist Blade	Boss	Silent	Attacks that cost 0 deal 4 additional damage.
Brimstone	Shop	Ironclad	At the start of your turn, gain 2 Strength and ALL enemies gain 1 Strength.
Cauldron	Shop		Upon pickup, brews 5 random potions.
Chemical X	Shop		The effects of your cost X cards are increased by 2.
Clockwork Souvenir	Shop		Start each combat with 1 Artifact.
Dolly's Mirror	Shop		Upon pickup, obtain an additional copy of a card in your deck.
Frozen Eye	Shop		When viewing your Draw Pile, the cards are now shown in order.
Hand Drill	Shop		Whenever you break an enemy's Block, apply 2 Vulnerable.
Lee's Waffle	Shop		Upon pickup, raise your Max HP by 7 and heal all of your HP.
Medical Kit	Shop		Unplayable Status cards can now be played. Whenever you play a Status card, Exhaust it.
Melange	Shop	Watcher	Whenever you shuffle your draw pile, Scry 3.
Membership Card	Shop		50% discount on all products!
Orange Pellets	Shop		Whenever you play a Power, Attack, and Skill in the same turn, remove all of your debuffs.
Orrery	Shop		Upon pickup, choose and add 5 cards to your deck.
Prismatic Shard	Shop		Combat reward screens now contain Colorless cards and cards from other colors.
Runic Capacitor	Shop	Defect	Start each combat with 3 additional Orb slots.
Sling of Courage	Shop		Start each Elite combat with 2 Strength.
Strange Spoon	Shop		Cards which Exhaust when played will instead discard 50% of the time.
The Abacus	Shop		Whenever you shuffle your draw pile, gain 6 Block.
Toolbox	Shop		At the start of each combat, choose 1 of 3 random Colorless cards and add the chosen card into your hand.
Twisted Funnel	Shop	Silent	At the start of each combat, apply 4 Poison to ALL enemies.
Bloody Idol	Special		Whenever you gain Gold, heal 5 HP.
Cultist Headpiece	Special		You feel more talkative.
Enchiridion	Special		At the start of each combat, add a random Power card into your hand. It costs 0 for that turn.
Face Of Cleric	Special		At the end of combat, raise your Max HP by 1.
Golden Idol	Special		Enemies drop 25% more Gold.
Gremlin Visage	Special		Start each combat with 1 Weak.
Mark of the Bloom	Special		You can no longer heal.
Mutagenic Strength	Special		Start each combat with 3 Strength. At the end of your first turn, lose 3 Strength.
N'loth's Gift	Special		Triple the chance of finding Rare cards from combat rewards.
N'loth's Hungry Face	Special		The next non-Boss chest you open is empty.
Necronomicon	Special		The first Attack played each turn that costs 2 or more is played twice. Upon pickup, obtain a special Curse.
Neow's Lament	Special		Enemies in your first 3 combats will have 1 HP.
Nilry's Codex	Special		At the end of your turn, you may shuffle 1 of 3 random cards into your draw pile.
Odd Mushroom	Special		When Vulnerable, take 25% more attack damage rather than 50%.
Red Mask	Special		At the start of each combat, apply 1 Weak to ALL enemies.
Spirit Poop	Special		It's unpleasant.
Ssserpent Head	Special		Whenever you enter a ? room, gain 50 Gold.
Warped Tongs	Special		At the start of your turn, Upgrade a random card in your hand for the rest of combat.